Added Bug Fix for 1.9.2 Pipelines RN (#56810)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-9.adoc

* The value for `CATALOG_REFRESH_INTERVAL`, a field in the Hub API `ConfigMap` object used in the Tekton Hub CR, is not getting updated with a custom value provided by the user.
+
Workaround: None. You can track the issue link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVKP-2854[SRVKP-2854].

[id="release-notes-1-9-2_{context}"]
== Release notes for {pipelines-title} General Availability 1.9.2

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.9.2 is available on {product-title} 4.11 and later.

[id="fixed-issues-1-9-2_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, an OLM misconfiguration issue had been introduced in the previous version of the release, which prevented the upgrade to RedHat OpenShift Pipelines 1.9.2. With this update, this misconfiguration issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: `which prevented the upgrade of RedHat Openshift Container Platform`
cc: @concaf @ppitonak @vdemeester

Author: Thanks for letting me know. I will fix this change.

Author: Could you please provide your LGTM @VeereshAradhya as I have fixed your comment.

> * Before this update, an OLM misconfiguration issue had been introduced in the previous version of the release, which prevented the upgrade of RedHat OpenShift Container Platform. With this update, this misconfiguration issue has been fixed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, an OLM misconfiguration issue had been introduced in the previous version of the release, which prevented the upgrade of Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform. With this update, this misconfiguration issue has been fixed.
```

Author: Ughh, sorry for the typo. I have fixed this and made the change now.

Author: Could you please provide your LGTM @concaf as I have fixed your comment.

* The value for `CATALOG_REFRESH_INTERVAL`, a field in the Hub API `ConfigMap` object used in the Tekton Hub CR, is not getting updated with a custom value provided by the user.
+
Workaround: None. You can track the issue link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/SRVKP-2854[SRVKP-2854].

> [id="breaking-changes-1-9-1_{context}"]	

Author: @concaf - Is this warning message ok as per your requirements?

== Breaking changes	

> * With this update, an OLM misconfiguration issue has been introduced, which prevents the upgrade of the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform. This issue will be fixed in a future release.

Author: Fixed.
